on a special night while we were calling
a night of a million grafts we have so
many grafts tonight we had to make
graphs just to keep track of all the
graphs look at this
we've got line graphs we've got circle
graphs we've got bar graphs we've even
got a Steffi Graf and I'm warning you
warning right nose be our most graphic
show yet viewer discretion is advised
we are coming to you live from our
headquarters in Hollywood where we'll be
following all the late races and keeping
an eye on the battleground states
Guillermo is on hand to distribute
pillows to scream and to cry
mostly decided today felt all day it
felt like today like America was in the
doctor's office waiting for our STD
results to go back and no matter what
the outcome whether you're Republican or
Democrat I think we can all agree that
the big loser this year is all of our
Thanksgiving dinners Thanksgiving Israel
[Applause]
are very passionate there were
nationwide reports of long lines and
high turnout across the country you know
the way we vote is so interesting from a
technology standpoint I was thinking
about it today most of us use a highly
advanced smartphone to learn about the
candidates to locate our polling places
we use an app to call an uber to
navigate through traffic and drive us
right to the door and the most efficient
way possible and then we fill out a
scantron in an old lady's garage and
they give you a sticker people do love
those stickers all everyone's very proud
of their stickers for their selfies with
stickers today we're at an all-time high
the weather was a factor today there
were storms along the East Coast and
throughout the south which historically
bad weather is a good thing for
Republican voters it's an interesting
phenomenon liberals tend to stay home on
Election Day when the weather is bad
because our vegan leather shoes start to
melt this was the press tent in Florida
at Andrew Gilliam headquarters in
Tallahassee today the I think that's
that blue wave they've been talking
about it started leaking through the
tent they had to evacuate everyone
Andrew Gilliam was in tight race for
governor against Ron de santis DeSantis
won it by a single percentage point it's
always tight in Florida the votes are
very balanced for such an unbalanced
state they really are it always goes to
the wire it's kind of ironic though that
we had to stay up late to find out what
happened in a state where people eat
dinner at 4:30 p.m. every day
you know it wouldn't be a lecture night
and wouldn't be coverage without a panel
of experts live via satellite with that
said it's time to fire up the wall of
wolf blitzer's look at this eleven of
these men our Wolf Blitzer and the 12th
is my father who looks like wolf blitzer
sea-doo can you figure out which one it
is all there he is that's hi dad dad
what's the latest from the Situation
Room right now well right now I'm having
to look at some woman in a purple dress
that's saying a lot of nonsense that's
Nancy Pelosi dad Oh Nancy Pelosi I
remember her when she was a kid
yes all right well thank you Dad you
keep watching and you check in hey Jimmy
before I forget you know that the
Democrats just won the house yeah oh
yeah we knew that already I said that
yeah okay thanks dad all right all right
we'll blitz her out all right that's
before the show I specifically said
don't try to be funny okay here's
something we've been working all year on
and we're very proud to bring you this
is the most advanced and intensive
election tool ever it's called the mega
micro map take a look over here this
technology gives us the power to go deep
into the data to bring you details other
maps cannot cut for instance mega micro
map show us the state of Illinois okay
so you see a lot of red here and so you
might think Republicans are winning big
in Illinois but let's zoom in on Cook
County which is mostly blue Cook is by
far the most populous county in the
state of Illinois but let's zoom in now
on one key voting precinct here and now
look at the detail we're getting this
neighborhood you can see is primarily
it's a mix blue and red but if you go
even even closer to the block level and
then into one single house yes yes how
are you doing all hi George I get we
just wanted to know who you voted for
that is none of your damn business and
how do you know my name oh hey are those
nachos you're eating let's zoom in on
those if we could yay
zoom the hell out of my house all right
as you can see voters in Illinois
clearly angry and we know that thanks to
our exclusive mega micro map technology
[Applause]
no expense was spared tonight going into
today Democrats are hoping for a major
midterm magic and they got in the House
Democrats flipped the house
president Trump reportedly is already
blaming Paul Ryan he said to be so
disappointed in the Speaker of the House
he might start calling him Don junior
that's how but this is a big reveal
because by taking the House Democrats
now have subpoena power which means they
could start demanding records for the
president which is why the president
spent all night last night
frantically stuffing his tax returns
into Mike Pence's mouth Republicans as
expected keep control of the Senate
which is good news for the president and
bad news for polar bears and of course
on a day like today people always wonder
what the Founding Fathers would think
about what has become of our country but
now we don't have to wonder anymore
because tonight with help from the
Imagineers at Disney and an incantation
to the Dark Lord Satan we have perfected
and resurrected none other than
President George Washington via living
hologram
[Applause]
look at that there he is good evening
drinkin hello America you're welcome oh
hell yes thank you for the country mr.
president I will see a lot has changed
since you crossed the Delaware do you
know about President Trump President
Donald Trump yes
that actually happened sweet Lafayette's
nuts what in tarnation is wrong with you
people
Donald Trump that gun dick guts must be
riddled with VD well I don't know about
that but he does play it pretty loose
with the truth and as someone who
famously could not tell a lie does that
bother you
oh please that was a joke oh I lied all
the time I told Martha and her
girlfriends that give them the right to
vote oh that's funny I guess hey have
you heard about Twitter Twitter what is
that a some sort of a chamber pot sort
of yes it's a way to send a message to
millions of people instantly you just
write it and it gets to them in seconds
electronically well in my day to send a
message I was forced to whittle it onto
the side of a whale penis then I'd have
Paul Revere ride all night to my
mistress's house by the time I got a
response I was barely around well now we
call it Twitter and it seems to be more
important to the president than the
Constitution the Constitution you're
you're still using that yeah we're all
saws all to the gills when we wrote that
really
Wow as I recall an early draft even
included a provision that He Who smelt
it dealt it clearly
He Who smelt it dealt it was in an early
breath of the Constitution that's right
I excised it myself that's why they
that's why they put me on the money
right well we've come a long way since
then and I doubt if you had women in
office that way you would have whoa whoa
whoa huh
there are women in office oh yeah lots
of them good lord what is with you
people
next you'll tell me that rich whites
don't own people anymore they don't then
who gathers your beans you know listen
mr. president I have to say with all due
respect a lot of these ideas you have
are not only they're outdated they're
sexist they might even racist way do you
think I George Washington am a racist
well it's Oh have you no Jimmy I'll have
you know that Halep my hologram friend
Tupac Shakur is one of my closest
friends
you know Tupac Shakur who do you think
gave me this neck tattoo
I'm sorry for disturbing your eternal
rest but I did want to thank you for
your insight mr. president you're
welcome and don't forget my mattress
sale in February all Simmons Beautyrest
will be 40% all right
never realized what a little guy he was
really are you still holding those
pillows over there yeah yeah all right
you can put those down this is
interesting
polling stations in Texas a firearm
licensed in Texas is an acceptable form
of voter ID but a college identification
card is not which tells you almost
everything you need to know about
politics in Texas but this was not a
typical midterm for Texas much of the
focus of this election has been on the
Senate race between punk-rock newcomer
better or orc and human blobfish Ted
Cruz and this is very interesting I just
learned this today how many years apart
do you think these two men are now
better or Roark is 46 Ted Cruz is 47
he's one year older Ted Cruz is the only
vampire that ages faster than a human
being
the Ted Cruz sadly did manage to keep
his seat the only way to get rid of Ted
Cruz is to pour salt on him when he
crawls onto your driveway that was a
real Senate race this is not there you
know there are so many races and if
you're interested in politics you pay
attention to the sort of thing but not
everyone is interested last year you may
recall Kid Rock announced he was running
for the Senate and of course turned out
to be a publicity stunt but whatever
wasn't we went out in the street and we
told people Kid Rock won the special
election for Senate okay we even showed
them footage of Kid Rock in concert and
told them it was his victory speech and
watch now as real people weigh in on a
fake election in tonight's Kid Rock the
Vote edition of Eyewitness News
[Music]
[Applause]
a Michigan Senate seat in the special
election oh yes I did hear a little bit
about it today in the morning I didn't
go too much into detail but I did see it
on my phone uh-huh
did you happen to see any of the
acceptance speech I didn't unfortunately
would you like to see it sure okay so
this is just a highlight from this
morning from the news major upset in
Michigan Kid Rock winning the special
election so he won whatever you have
between your legs to determine the
bathroom that's you you Wow
this guy's going hard in the paint are
you surprised by Kid Rock's plans to
lower the age in Michigan to buy scratch
off tickets to ten there's no reason why
a ten-year-old should be able to gamble
look at how they could win college
tuition oh well in that case it fits for
college tuition and I mean I'm sure even
if they're ten their parents are
probably helping him how do you feel
about Kid Rock's campaign slogan smell
my fingers no new taxes why would I want
to smell your fingers so what do you
think he meant when he said in the
speech last night no fatties I feel like
that could go one of two ways one way of
being like referring to a girl and like
a kind of good way like Oh a girl you
got a fatty like our the other way
meaning like a larger audience which is
not that got him away he has a plan in
state of Michigan to increase tax
revenue by legalizing and taxing crystal
mattes how do you feel about that
crystal meth for medicinal purposes do
you think it's okay for him to go by
senator Kid Rock or do you think it'd be
more appropriate for him to use his
birth name
what is his birth name because that
would be probably preferred yeah it's a
mud critter s'en do you know what his
real name is no oh you don't
oh it's Gilmer Creek water good luck
senator mud person I love your name be
yourself
senator boon tippin's please use your
named senator trigger blumpkin please
stick with Kid Rock
senator Buddy humson I'm disgusted and
appalled that you won send in our June
Bug Finnegan I don't really listen to
your stuff but good luck a senator
[Music]
[Applause]
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it